The following is the text of the contract that permits Drake to redistribute
MOSEK™ as part of our pre-compiled release images.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Software License Agreement
V1 of 03-02-2022

between
MOSEK ApS
Symbion Science Park
Fruebjergvej 3
DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø
Denmark
Company reg. No. 20,437,537
(MOSEK)

and

Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
77 Massachusetts Ave, MIT 32-380
Cambridge
MA 02139
United States
(Licensee)


INITIAL CLAUSES

1
Preamble

1.1
MOSEK has developed some sophisticated mathematical optimization software.

1.2
MOSEK licenses this optimization software to end users.

1.3
Licensee has developed various software and licenses it to end users. Licensee’s
software may benefit from being combined with MOSEK’s mathematical optimization
software by means of a link, that will require the integration into Licensee’s
software of certain object code files from MOSEK’s optimization software.

1.4
When the necessary files is integrated into Licensee’s software, Licensee’s end
user customers can buy an ordinary end user license for the mathematical
optimization software from MOSEK and use it to-gether with Licensee’s software
as Licensee’s software by means of the said files will be able to link directly
to the optimization software.

1.5
The object of this agreement is to provide Licensee with the rights that are
necessary for Licensee’s A) integration of the said object code files into
Licensee’s software, B) copying of the files together with Licensee’s own
software and C) distribution to end user customers of the files together with
Licensee’s own software.

1.6
The license granted by MOSEK to Licensee under this agreement is free of
charge. MOSEK shall have no support and maintenance obligations in relation to
the files.

2
Definitions

A defined term shall have the defined meaning in the defined form of the term as
well as in all inflected forms. The meaning of a term defined in capital letters
does not extend to occurrences of the term written in other ways.

2.1
Definitions Relating to Time

2.1.1
All dates are stated in accordance with the Gregorian calendar.

2.1.2
THE EFFECTIVE DATE means 1st February 2022.

2.1.3
DAY means a full calendar day of 24 hours starting at 0:00 and ending at 24:00.

2.1.4
WITHIN x DAYS FROM y means within the end of the Xth DAY calculated from and
excluding Y - e.g.  WITHIN 5 DAYS FROM Friday 4 June 2010 was within midnight on
Wednesday 9 June 2010.

2.1.5
WITHIN x MONTHS FROM y means within the end of A) the corresponding day in the
Xth month from Y or B) (in lack of a corresponding day in that month) the last
day in said Xth month - e.g. WITHIN 9 MONTHS FROM 31 May 2010 was within
midnight on 28 February 2011.

2.1.6
x DAYS' NOTICE means a notice having effect by the end of the Xth DAY calculated
from and excluding the DAY, on which the notice was received by the addressee -
e.g. a 5 DAYS' NOTICE calculated from Friday 4 June 2010 had effect as from
midnight on Wednesday 9 June 2010.

2.1.7
x MONTHS' NOTICE means a notice having effect by the end of A) the corresponding
DAY in the Xth month calculated from and excluding the DAY, on which the notice
was received by the addressee or B) (in lack of a corresponding day in that
month) the last DAY in said Xth month - e.g. a 9 MONTHS' NOTICE calculated from
31 May 2010 had effect as from midnight on 28 February 2011.

2.2
Definitions Relating to Software and Licenses

2.2.1
MOSEK'S SOFTWARE means the software specified in appendix A.

2.2.2
LICENSEE'S SOFTWARE means the software specified in appendix B.

2.2.3
THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE means LICENSEE'S SOFTWARE in which Licensee has embedded
MOSEK'S SOFTWARE.


2.2.4
THE TERRITORY means the entire world.

2.2.5
END USER LICENSE means a nonexclusive software license, according to which an
end user licensee is entitled to receive and use an object code copy of the
licensed software.

2.2.6
DISTRIBUTION LICENSE means a nonexclusive software license, according to which a
distributor licensee is entitled

a) to grant END USERS LICENSES for the licensed software to his customers,

b) to be provided with the necessary object code copies of the licensed
   software,

c) to provide his customers with the necessary object code copies of the
   licensed software and

d) to provide his customers with support to and/or maintenance of the licensed
   software.

2.2.7
THE TRADEMARKS means the trademarks displayed in Appendix D.

3
Interpretation of the Appendices

The appendices are all integrated parts of this agreement. In case of real
discrepancies between the different appendices and/or the appendices and this
signed main document, the discrepancies shall be removed by interpretation. The
order in which the appendices are listed does not reflect a binding priority of
their relative importance. Likewise, there is no presumption that the appendices
shall be of less importance than this signed main document.

OPERATIVE CLAUSES

4
Deliverables

MOSEK shall provide Licensee with the deliverables specified in appendix C on
the dates specified in appendix C.

5
Grant of Software Licenses

5.1
MOSEK grants LICENSEE the following nonexclusive rights in THE TERRITORY:


a) The right to embed an object code version of MOSEK'S SOFTWARE in LICENSEE'S
   SOFTWARE.

b) The right to make object code copies of THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

c) The right to use THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE for purposes of developing, testing
   and marketing THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

d) The right to use THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE for other purposes than developing,
   testing and marketing THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

e) The right to grant END USER LICENSES for THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

f) The right to grant DISTRIBUTION LICENSES for THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE to
   Licensee's distrib-utors.

5.2
Licensee shall acquire only the right to exploit MOSEK'S SOFTWARE in the ways
specified in this agree-ment and shall not acquire any rights of ownership to
MOSEK'S SOFTWARE - neither as standalone software nor as software embedded in
THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

5.3
Licensee shall not by means of this agreement be entitled to grant licenses for
MOSEK'S SOFTWARE as unmodified standalone software.

5.4
MOSEK shall not be prohibited from granting licenses for MOSEK'S SOFTWARE -
including end user li-censes, distributor licenses, OEM licenses (i.e. licenses
according to which a licensee is entitled to mod-ify the licensed software
and/or embed the software in the licensee's own software) or similar licenses -
directly to Licensee's present or future customers. For the avoidance of any
possible doubt: This does not mean that MOSEK shall be entitled to grant such
customers or anyone else licenses for MOSEK'S SOFTWARE when embedded in
LICENSEE'S SOFTWARE - i.e. for THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE.

6
Grant of Trademark License

6.1
MOSEK grants Licensee the non-exclusive right free of charge to use THE TRADE
MARKS for marketing purposes in order to promote THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE in THE
TERRITORY.

6.2
THE TRADEMARKS may only be used in order to designate MOSEK'S SOFTWARE, the
inclusion of MO-SEK'S SOFTWARE in THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE and Licensee's status as
a MOSEK partner and/or Licen-see. Furthermore, the way Licensee chooses to use
THE TRADE MARKS may not in any way harm the reputation of MOSEK'S SOFTWARE or
MOSEK. All use by Licensee of THE TRADEMARKS shall inure to the benefit of
MOSEK.

6.3
Licensee acknowledges that THE TRADEMARKS are valid, distinctive and entitled to
protection and waives the right to challenge such validity and status.

6.4
Licensee acknowledges MOSEK's ownership of THE TRADEMARKS. Licensee will abstain
from applying for registration of any of these or confusingly similar
trademarks. Likewise, Licensee will abstain from obtaining any rights to
identical or confusingly similar company names, domain names or the like in any
country or region. Licensee assures that Licensee has not already filed any such
applications or obtained any such registrations or rights. Should Licensee in
spite of this clause for some reason be or become the owner of any such
applications, registrations or rights, Licensee shall at the request of MOSEK
with-out undue delay transfer the ownership to MOSEK.

6.5
Trademarks in the form of word marks (as opposed to figurative marks) shall
always be written with capital letters and must be used with the appropriate
trademark symbol (“®” or “™”).  When word marks are used, they shall appear with
the noun they modify (e.g. “the MOSEK™ software”). THE TRADE-MARKS are never to
be used in inflected forms such as in plural or possessive form. All material
which has been marked with any of THE TRADEMARKS shall bear a legend stating
that the trademark in ques-tion is a trademark of MOSEK and is used by Licensee
under a license from MOSEK. THE TRADEMARKS shall be used as independent and
separate trademarks and may not be incorporated in other trade-marks. Licensee
will abstain from using any trademarks which in appearance, meaning,
pronunciation, or overall commercial impression are confusingly similar to THE
TRADEMARKS.

6.6
Licensee shall not be entitled to register the license with the trademark
authorities in THE TERRITORY.

7
Responsibility for QA

It is the sole responsibility of Licensee to assure the quality of the embedding
of MOSEK'S SOFTWARE into LICENSEE'S SOFTWARE. Thus, it rests upon Licensee to
test the operation of THE MODIFIED SOFT-WARE in accordance with generally
accepted sound international industry standards and practices. MO-SEK does not
assume any responsibility for quality problems relating to THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE
if they could have been detected by such testing.

8
Requirements with respect to END USER LICENSES

The end user shall acquire only the right to use THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE and shall
not acquire any rights of ownership.

9
Requirements with respect to DISTRIBUTION LICENSES

All DISTRIBUTION LICENSES for THE MODIFIED SOFTWARE shall live up to the
following requirements:

a) Distributor licensees shall acquire only the right to distribute THE MODIFIED
   SOFTWARE and shall not acquire any rights of ownership.


b) END USER LICENSES granted by a distributor licensee shall live up to the
   requirements in clause 8.

10
Protection of MOSEK'S SOFTWARE

Copyright and proprietary notices in MOSEK'S SOFTWARE may not be removed or
changed by Licensee.  They must be reproduced whenever the software is copied
including when it is embedded in THE MOD-IFIED SOFTWARE.

11
License Fees

The license is free of charge.

12
Publicity

MOSEK may in a loyal and respectful way identify Licensee as customer on MOSEK's
website and in sales presentations and other marketing materials.  When
identifying Licensee, MOSEK shall be re-stricted to referring to the name and
logo of Licensee and may not disclose any commercial information about this
license agreement – except that MOSEK may in marketing material include
information about the possibility to link directly from LICENSEE’S SOFTWARE to
MOSEK’s mathematical optimization soft-ware.

13
Force Majeure

13.1
It shall be considered to constitute force majeure if due to circumstances
beyond the control of a party

a) the party is prevented from fulfilling obligations under this agreement or

b) the fulfilment of the party's obligations would require an effort which would
   be disproportion-ately burdensome and which cannot reasonably be required
   from the party,

provided that the party could not reasonably have taken the circumstances in
question into considera-tion when entering into this agreement.

13.2
Circumstances which a party under normal conditions cannot reasonably take into
consideration shall include the following:

a) Wars, civil wars, riots and widespread disturbances.

b) Natural disasters and fires.

c) General strikes, general lockouts and other strikes and lockouts affecting
   most of the industry in question.

d) Introduction of new legislation and amendment of existing legislation.

e) Changes in public authorities' administrative practices.

f) Orders and regulations issued by public authorities.

g) Any such events affecting the party's vendors and subcontractors.

13.3
In case of force majeure the party's duty to perform the obligations subject to
the force majeure shall be suspended as long as the force majeure is still in
force. However, the other party shall be entitled to terminate this agreement to
the extent the termination clause(s) of this agreement explicitly provide for
such termination even in cases of force majeure. Furthermore, the obligation to
pay interest shall not be suspended.

13.4
If a party wishes to plead that due to force majeure it is excused from
performing an obligation, the party must

a) without undue delay notify the other party of the force majeure and

b) continue to hold the other party informed about the development.

13.5
The parties agree that should a force majeure situation occur, they will discuss
the best way for them mutually to handle the situation.

TERM AND REMEDIES

14
Ordinary Term

14.1
The term of this agreement shall be from THE EFFECTIVE DATE till a) the day, on
which termination by one of the parties takes effect.

14.2
Each of the parties shall any time be entitled to terminate this agreement at 12
MONTHS' NOTICE with effect from the end of a CONTRACT YEAR. The earliest date on
which such a termination can take effect shall, however, be

a) 5 CONTRACT YEARS after THE EFFECTIVE DATE when MOSEK terminates and

b) 5 CONTRACT YEARS after THE EFFECTIVE DATE when Licensee terminates.

15
Termination due to Violation or Anticipated Violation of a Party's Obligations

15.1
Should one of the parties substantially violate the party's obligations
according to this agreement, the other party may by a notice referring to this
clause request the violating party to remedy the violation WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM
receipt of the notice. If the violation is not remedied within this deadline,
the other party may terminate this agreement at 30 DAYS' NOTICE.

15.2
If it is more likely than not that one of the parties is going to violate
obligations according to this agree-ment substantially for 30 DAYS or more, the
other party may by a notice referring to this clause request the party in
question to provide good and valid security for the party's performance of the
agreement WITHIN 10 DAYS FROM receipt of the notice. If the party in question
does not provide the security within this deadline, the other party may
terminate the agreement at 30 DAYS' NOTICE. The situations where this clause can
be applied shall include the following:

a) A party is or becomes insolvent.

b) A party goes bankrupt.

c) The assets of a party are assigned in favour of the party's creditors.

d) A receiver is appointed for a party.

e) A party files a voluntary petition for bankruptcy, liquidation or winding up.

f) A statement from a party relating to this agreement makes it unlikely that
the party will fulfil its obligations.


15.3
None of the parties shall be entitled to terminate this agreement because of the
other party's substan-tial violation or substantial anticipated violation of an
obligation, if the violation is due to force majeure, unless

a) the obligation has been violated for more than three months or

b) it beyond reasonable doubt can be foreseen that the force majeure will
   prevent the violating party from fulfilling the obligation for more than
   three months,

in which cases the other party shall be entitled to terminate this agreement at
30 DAYS' NOTICE anyway.

16
Effects of Expiration and Termination

16.1
The choice of law and dispute resolution clauses shall survive the expiration
and termination of this agreement.

16.2
Expiration and termination shall release the parties from the obligation to
continue the performance of this agreement as from the date, on which the
expiration or termination takes effect, and the parties' corresponding rights
shall lapse.

16.3
Expiration and termination shall not affect rights and obligations, which
according to their nature shall survive the expiration or termination.

16.4
Upon expiration and termination of this agreement all licenses under this
agreement shall automatically lapse. However, to the extent end user licenses
granted by Licensee or Licensee's distributor licensees has been granted before
the expiration/termination, and the end user licenses were granted in
accord-ance with the requirements in this agreement, such end user licenses
shall not be affected.

MISCELLANEOUS CLAUSES

17
Transferability

17.1
This agreement is personal to the parties and a party's status as party to this
agreement cannot be transferred to third parties without the other party's prior
written consent, which shall, however, not be unreasonably withheld.

17.2
Notwithstanding of the above no consent shall be required in case of:

a) Transfer to an affiliated party.

b) Transfer in connection with:

   1) A merger between the transferring party and a third party.

   2) Sale of the transferring party's entire business.

   3) Sale of a separate part of the transferring party's business, to which
      this agreement is solely related.

17.3
In relation to this clause the following shall be considered affiliated to a
party:

a) A legal or natural person owning at least 51% of the party.

b) A sister enterprise owned at least 51% by a legal or natural person owning
   51% or more of the party.

c) A subsidiary owned at least 51% by the party.

17.4
After a transfer under this clause the transferring party shall for a period of
2 years remain co-respon-sible for the transferee's fulfilment of the
transferee's obligations under the agreement.

17.5
If so requested by the non-transferring party, the transferring party and the
transferee must sign an adequate transfer agreement with the non-transferring
party in order to effectuate the transfer. The transfer agreement shall be
subject to the same choice of law and dispute resolution terms as this
agreement. It shall incorporate the conditions set out in this transferability
clause. The transferring party shall reimburse the other party's reasonable
external costs relating to the formation of the trans-fer agreement - if any.

18
No Authority to Represent

None of the parties shall by means of this agreement have any authority to
represent the other party and thereby making binding promises or announcements
on behalf of the other party.

19
Waiver

If a party in one or more instances

a) does not insist on the performance of clauses in this agreement or

b) abstains from exercising rights according to clauses in this agreement,

it shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver or relinquishment of the future
performance of such clauses or the future exercise of such rights.

20
Entire Agreement

This agreement constitutes the complete understanding between the parties
relating to the subject matter of this agreement. Thus, it supersedes all
previous written and oral agreements and represen-tations relating to the same
subject matter.

21
Amendments

The parties can only amend this agreement by entering into written amendment
agreements signed by the parties or their duly authorized representatives.

22
Purchase Orders, Order Confirmations and Similar Documents

Any purchase orders, confirmations of orders and similar documents issued by one
of the parties and relating to the subject matter of this agreement shall be
considered to be issued and accepted for in-voicing and payment purposes only
even if they state the opposite and are accepted by the other party with-out
reservations. However, to the extent it is clearly anticipated in this agreement
that such doc-uments shall be issued in order to specify quantities, prices and
the like, such documents shall be deci-sive with respect to such matters.

23
Communication Language

All communications between the parties relating to this agreement shall be in
English unless the parties from time to time agree otherwise. Any communications
in non-agreed languages may be ignored.

24
Notices

24.1
All notices relating to this agreement shall be in writing and in English. They
shall be sent to the follow-ing addresses:

MOSEK ApS
Symbion Science Park
Fruebjergvej 3
DK-2100 Copenhagen Ø
Denmark
Att. The CEO

and

Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
77 Massachusetts Ave, MIT 32-380
Cambridge
MA 02139
United States
Att. Russ Tedrake

24.2
A notice shall be effective from the DAY, on which it arrives at the right
ad-dress.

24.3
A party may any time by a written notice change the address, to which notices to
the party shall be sent.

25
Unenforceable Clauses

25.1
Should any part of this agreement be invalid or otherwise unenforceable -
e.g. due to mandatory con-tract law, IP law or competition law from
jurisdictions, where this agreement may have a relevant rela-tion or effect -
the remaining part of the agreement shall remain effective and the unenforceable
part shall to the extent necessary - e.g. only in relation to the affected
jurisdictions - be substituted by en-forceable clauses which to the greatest
extent possible shall reflect the intention which must be as-sumed to be
underlying the unenforceable part of the agreement.

25.2
The overall balance between the parties shall to the extent possible be
maintained, if necessary by modifying other parts of the agreement.

25.3
However, if such substitution of the unenforceable parts in question and
modification of other parts of the agreement will substantially deteriorate one
of the parties' commercial positions, the party in ques-tion shall be entitled
to declare that the agreement shall be deemed to have lapsed with the same
effects as if it had expired. This right to declare the agreement lapsed must be
exercised without undue delay, after it has become apparent that the party's
commercial position will be affected in the de-scribed way.

CHOICE OF LAW, DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND SIGNATURES

26
Choice of Law

This agreement is governed by Danish law.

27
Dispute Resolution by Court Trial

27.1
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, out of or relating to this
agreement and any subsequent amendments of this agreement - including a) its
formation, validity, binding effect, interpretation, per-formance, breach,
expiration or termination, and b) non-contractual claims and product liability
claims - shall be settled by the Danish Maritime and Commercial High Court. If
it cannot handle the case be- cause the subject matter of the dispute is outside
its field of competence, then the dispute shall be settled by The City Court of
Copenhagen.

27.2
This clause shall not restrict the parties' right to have disputes about
infringement of intellectual prop-erty rights and misappropriation of trade
secrets settled by other courts, which according to their own rules of
competence can decide such cases. This clause shall, likewise, not restrict the
parties' right to request interim measures to be taken by other courts, which
according to their own rules of compe-tence can take such interim measures.

28
The Parties' Signatures

By signing this agreement each of the persons signing on behalf of the parties
assure that he/she (to-gether with any co-signers) is duly authorized to sign on
behalf of the party, on behalf of which he/she signs, that any further
formalities of relevance to the binding effect of this agreement in relation to
said party have been observed and that said party therefore is bound by this
agreement.

MOSEK ApS
Date: 4/5/2022
Signature(s):  ________________________________________________
Name(s): Erling D. Andersen
Title(s): CEO

Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
Date: 4 April 2022
Signature(s):  ________________________________________________
Name(s): Russell Tedrake
Title(s): Toyota Professor of EECS, Aero/Astro, MechE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix A

MOSEK’S SOFTWARE
03-02-2022
Appendix A to
License Agreement
between
MOSEK ApS
(MOSEK)
and
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
(Licensee)

MOSEK’S SOFTWARE is the few object code files from the following modules of
MOSEK’s mathematical optimization software called MOSEK:

[] the PTS module - the optimization base system of the optimization software,
which makes it possible to solve linear optimization problems and problems with
quadratic objective functions and

[] the PTON nonlinear module - tool extension,

that it is necessary to integrate into LICENSEE’S SOFTWARE in order to enable
that software to link directly to object code versions of the abovementioned
modules of MOSEK’s mathematical optimization software. For the avoidance of any
possible doubt: The definition does not include any other parts of MOSEK’s
software.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix B

LICENSEE’S SOFTWARE
03-02-2022
Appendix B to
License Agreement
between
MOSEK ApS
(MOSEK)
and
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
(Licensee)

Software developed and distributed by Licensee and/or other companies associated
with Licensee including ______.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Appendix C

Deliverables
03-02-2022
Appendix C to
License Agreement
between
MOSEK ApS
(MOSEK)
and
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
(Licensee)

Software and Documentation

Licensee can anytime download MOSEK’S SOFTWARE and any relevant documentation
from the website www.mosek.com.
